README.md, before:

# panda-syntax-ulauncher
 Panda syntax theme for ULauncher.
 
![Panda Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/siamak/hyperterm-panda/master/cover.jpg)

A , _dark_ Syntax Theme. This is the latest version of the **Panda Syntax** theme. It's a _dark_ syntax theme crafted especially for [ULauncher](https://ulauncher.io), with subtle colors that are meant to be easy on the eyes.

---
![Main Demo](https://github.com/Shosta/panda-syntax-ulauncher/blob/master/ULauncher-panda-theme.png)

---

## ⌨️ How to Use
When ULauncher is installed on your Linux machine, create a `~/.config/ulauncher/user-themes/panda` folder and add the `manifest.json`, `theme.css` and `theme-gtk-3.20.css` files in it.

## ⌨️ To Check the Results
Press `Ctrl+Space` (or your hotkey) to launch ULauncher.
Press the `Settings` button and choose `panda` as your new theme.

![Settings ScreenShot](https://github.com/Shosta/panda-syntax-ulauncher/blob/master/ULauncherSettings.png)

## 🐼 About Pandas
![Pandas ScreenShot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/siamak/atom-panda-syntax/master/screenshots/pandas.png)

1. Sleep 12-14 hours per day
2. Eat 12-14 hours per day
3. Consume 10 to 18 kilos of raw bamboo per day
4. Poop 10 to 18 kilos of processed bamboo per day.
5. Panda sex is awkward. Naps are much more fun.

> Picture & Contents from: https://dribbble.com/shots/2354579-Panda-Icon-Party.

Commit message:

Add recommended from VSCode panda theme README.md

README.md, after:

# panda-syntax-ulauncher
 Panda syntax theme for ULauncher.
 
![Panda Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/siamak/hyperterm-panda/master/cover.jpg)

A , _dark_ Syntax Theme. This is the latest version of the **Panda Syntax** theme. It's a _dark_ syntax theme crafted especially for [ULauncher](https://ulauncher.io), with subtle colors that are meant to be easy on the eyes.

---
![Main Demo](https://github.com/Shosta/panda-syntax-ulauncher/blob/master/ULauncher-panda-theme.png)

---

## ⌨️ How to Use
When ULauncher is installed on your Linux machine, create a `~/.config/ulauncher/user-themes/panda` folder and add the `manifest.json`, `theme.css` and `theme-gtk-3.20.css` files in it.

## ⌨️ To Check the Results
Press `Ctrl+Space` (or your hotkey) to launch ULauncher.
Press the `Settings` button and choose `panda` as your new theme.

![Settings ScreenShot](https://github.com/Shosta/panda-syntax-ulauncher/blob/master/ULauncherSettings.png)

---

## 📞 Recommended
Panda Created for Editors and Terminals. [Panda Project](http://panda.siamak.work).

[![Panda Ports](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/siamak/atom-panda-syntax/master/screenshots/ports.jpg)](http://panda.siamak.work)

## 🐼 About Pandas
![Pandas ScreenShot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/siamak/atom-panda-syntax/master/screenshots/pandas.png)

1. Sleep 12-14 hours per day
2. Eat 12-14 hours per day
3. Consume 10 to 18 kilos of raw bamboo per day
4. Poop 10 to 18 kilos of processed bamboo per day.
5. Panda sex is awkward. Naps are much more fun.

> Picture & Contents from: https://dribbble.com/shots/2354579-Panda-Icon-Party.
